Mr. Hamilton, I'm over here.
If you have something to say, just say it.
Unstalked?
Is there a saying that she pretended to be you,
and then went to see what we carry?
Yes, this is just her usual, dirty trick.
You two switch places often.
Is this something that you did as kids?
I'm sure she and Josh are in on it together.
Uh-huh.
So, what are you going to do?
I have a plan.
Just needs your signature.
I read the electronic contract.
Everything looks good.
This is a larger price than before.
Well, it's an honor to work with the Hamilton group.
And we only work with the best and the most expensive.
Well, it's no surprise that the LC group is known around the world as being generous.
No.
I heard that Mr. Kerry was here.